I think that there are fewer minorities in STEM, based on the difference
in culture. So, I've lived in a white household, not the entire time,
but for some portion of my life and I kind of saw the way that
education was being presented to me and to the students that I saw around
us. Education is number one, you're supposed to be doing your
homework when you come home. You know, there's probably an hour, two
hours that you have to, you know, focus on your education and then
you can go play, things like that. Whereas in the black households that
I lived in, it really wasn't an issue. For instance, my mother,
she didn't even graduate high school. My father did, but he wasn't really
interested in my education. So, there were things that I did when
I was a kid. They give you five dollars if you, you know, like,
do all your homework for that week or they look at your report card
and, you know, "As and Bs, okay, well, you know, you don't get in trouble"
or things like that. But it wasn't really, college wasn't really
pushed. For instance, I never heard the name of any college from
any of my family, my mom's side or my dad's side, because they were
divorced right. So, that's opposed to the white households that I lived
in and, you know, then you're always hearing about University of
Michigan and, you know, we're going to go to a college game this weekend
or this person is coming from University of Nebraska and you
know, here is what he's doing. So, it's, those things are pushed on
you, you know, every week, every other day, you know, it's part of the
culture. You're expected to graduate from high school and then go
on to college and that's very obvious whereas in the, I even lived
in a Mexican household and it just wasn't there. The parents usually
didn't go to college themselves and it's more like you have a range
of different possibilities. You can go to college, if you're smart
or you can work down the street, that's where your father worked. Or,
you can just live your own life and make your own choices. Those are
the options that are available and that are persistent in minority
cultures. So, I think, we, if you want to send more kids to college,
it should be an expectation that you're go to college from the family,
rather than just be a choice and do whatever you want to do.